ENH: Implement TimeChange behaviour for evoked_topo and recursive option in link (#13968)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13968.newfeature.rst

Add `TimeChange` behaviour for :func:`mne.viz.plot_evoked_topo`, where time is marked with solid vertical after clicking on subfigure axis. 

> Add `merge` parameter to :func:`mne.viz.ui_events.link` that enables linking of groups which figs belong to, by `Lifeng Qiu Lin`_.

Reviewer: The comment is valid, the proposed fix is not.

> Add `merge` parameter to :func:`mne.viz.ui_events.link` that enables linking of groups which figs belong to, by `Lifeng Qiu Lin`_.

Author: No problem, solved.

> Add ``merge`` parameter to :func:`mne.viz.ui_events.link` that enables linking of groups which figs belong to, by `Lifeng Qiu Lin`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ``recursive`` parameter to :func:`mne.viz.ui_events.link` that enables linking to a target figure, as well as all figures that the target figure links to, by `Lifeng Qiu Lin`_.
```
